Yeah, who is this guy?
He's my cousin Wu De
Wu De really lives up to his name
How do you speak
What I say with my mouth
Unlike you
Presumptuous, this is the Wu family
Do you want to be wild?
Fuyang, is this your fiancé?
What is it called Ye Wushuang?
That's right, he is Ye Wushuang
Why are you dressed like a rag?
I have no money to buy clothes.
Our Wu family is also a famous family now, right?
I really don't understand
What was this now, an amada dog?
They all want to enter our Wu family
Aren't you afraid of losing our Wu family when it gets out?
Well, if memory serves
This marriage seems to have been promised by your grandfather, right?
Then you say you are scolding me?
Are you still questioning your grandfather?
Okay, boy, let me ask you
What family are you from?
How many companies do you have?
I have no family.
Alone
Also a homeless
Now I'm waiting to join your Wu family
Then take over the Wu family's products together with Siyao
How do you understand that?
Did you hear that?
Do you hear me?
That's what people say.
Can such a person fit into my family?
Think about it.